1. REST API: League Earnings

A sports finance analysis firm is interested in evaluating the potential revenue generated by football clubs (i.e., soccer clubs) in various leagues based on their stadium capacity and historical top- three finishes. 
Use HTTP GET requests to access a football club database via the URL https://jsonmock.hackerrank.com/api/football_teams?league={league_name}. 
This database includes information such as the stadium capacity and the count of top-three finishes for each club. 
The query result is paginated and can be further accessed by appending to the query string &page={num} where num is the page number.

The query response from the API includes these fields:

page: the current page

• per_page: the maximum results per page

• total: the total number of records

• total_pages: the total number of pages for the query

• data: an array of JSON objects containing club information

Each object in the data field includes the following:

• name: the club's name

• league: the league in which the club plays

• stadium_capcity: the capacity of the stadium

• number_of_champions_league_won: the number of Champions League titles won

• total_silverware_count: the total number of trophies won

• other details not relevant to this question

For example, the record from https://jsonmock.hackerrank.com/api/football_tea ms includes the following:

{

	"name": "Arsenal FC",

	"captain": "Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang",

	"vice_captain": "Alexandre Lacazette",

	"goalkeeper": "Bernd Leno",

	"number_of_players": 25,

	"current_active_players": 22,

	"league": "English Premier League (EPL)",

	"nation": "England",

	"estimated_value": "$2 billion",

	"estimated_value_numeric": 2000000000,

	"number_of_league_titles_won 13,

	"last_league_title_winning_year": 2003,

	"number_of_champions_league_won": 0,

	"last_champions_league_winning_year":

	null,

	"total_silverware_count": 30,

	"manager": "Mikel Arteta",

	"stadium_name": "Emirates Stadium",

	"stadium_capacity": 60355,

	"league_position_2021": 5,

	"league_top_three_finishes": 18,

	"number_of_runner_ups_in_champions_league": 0,

	"highest_goalscorer": "Thierry Henry",

	"highest_assist_provider": "Thierry Henry",

	"highest_clean_sheet_holder": "David

	Seaman",

	"most_capped_player": "Tony Adams",

	"appearances_most_capped_player": 669

}





The ticket cost for different teams is calculated as follows:

• total_silverware_count > 40: The cost for each ticket is 1.5 USD.

• total_silverware_count > 25: The cost for each ticket is 1.25 USD.

• total_silverware_count > 10: The cost for each ticket is 1 USD.

• total_silverware_count <= 10: The cost for each ticket is 0.5 USD

Calculate the total earnings of a league and the average revenue per match. 
Average revenue per match is the total earnings divided by the number of matches played in a league season. For a given season, each team will play against the other team 2 times: home and away. 
So, if there are 5 teams in a league, 20 matches will be played. Both the total earnings and average earnings must be rounded down to the nearest integer.


Sample Input For Custom Testing

English Premier League (EPL)

Sample Output

13996649

36833

Explanation

The total earnings for the English Premier League are 13996649.25 USD, which when rounded down is 13996649 USD. The average earning per match is 13996649.25/380, which when rounded down is 36833 USD.